docs: add uml diagrams of our services, add query-router API spec (#66)
epiphany-platform/CommonDataLayer: query-router/README.md

# Query Router

> REST interface over CDL. Used to retrieve data from repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The REST interface over the CDL, used for retrieving data from any repository.
```

## Running

> To run **query-router** requires [schema-registry][schema-registry] and [query-services][query-service] connected to repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the **query-router** requires the [Schema Registry][schema-registry] to be running and the [Query Services][query-service] connected to their respective repositories.
```

> Environment required is provided via variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration is expected through the following environment variables:
```

> | name | short description | example |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name | Short Description | Example |
```

|---|---|---|
| SCHEMA_REGISTRY_ADDR | Address of setup schema registry | http://schema_registry:50101 |
| INPUT_PORT | Port to listen on | 50103 |

> | CACHE_CAPACITY | How many entries can cache hold | 1024 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CACHE_CAPACITY | How many entries the cache can hold | 1024 |
```

> Please note that currently cache is valid forever - changes to schema **query-service** address will not be updated in **query-router**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: Currently, the cache is valid forever: changing a schema's **query-service** address will not update in the **query-router**._
```

## Functionality
REST API specification is available in [OpenAPI 3.0 spec][api-spec].

> Currently **query-router** can handle querying data by id from document repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the **query-router** can handle querying data by ID from document repositories.
```
